areas of instability are beginning to
spread from the region to the region
center of Brazil and arrive also
in areas of the southeast all this the personnel
because now I do not have one more
atmospheric blocking condition I do not
I have subtropical high Atlantic
and preventing the flow of moisture from the
region of northern Brazil to areas of
also passing through the center
west in the next 15 days.
area should have
rainfall to the volume of rainfall
up to 110 115 millimeters
We're arriving at the end of the month there .
January and until the 28th that we should
expect from the weather conditions then the
personal dominance is much more
there a condition of strong sun and heat there
during the morning and afternoon and the blows
should concentrate on the period
afternoon and evening
the northeastern region of brazil still follows
with a low rainfall condition
long a ii
next week we should also have
little rainfall in some areas of the region
south of Brazil, especially on the
state of rio grande do sul until day 2
February and we can see it
that this moisture bond between the
northern region and the southeastern region of brazil
gets pretty bad there until day 2
February
we should have a condition of more rain
concentrated in areas of the Amazon and
acre
we must also have a condition of
rainstorms still on account of the
circulation of a little moisture over
state of são paulo and the entire south center
of mines general and also personnel in
to leave rio de janeiro in the river region
Great Southern the amount of rain should
be there much smaller and coming
finally there in the last penta people
must be there by February 7
folks
the formation of new areas of
instability between area getting out of mines
general the north center of mines and the
of the holy spirit in which to bring
there are some rain problems that can
to 150 millimeters
We have here also the spreading
of some areas of instability
the west center the formation there of areas of
instability due to the strong heat